Website Changes on Desktop ⬇️ BIGGER TEXT GOES SLOW is the website a demo or is it already the final version?

Home > configurator? What is it? That photo of Manuel at the other tailor shop shouldn't be there. And also, configurator, what is this thing about payment being returned after 14 days?

In the home page photos, remove the burgundy tuxedo photo (in the empty closet). The photo of Manuel looking at his watch too.

The online courses photo needs to be changed.

The results photo should be the one without wrinkles, the correct one was already sent to you and another one was put instead.

In editorial inspiration > the title is repeated.

In the contact section, remove CLOSED ON SUNDAY, let the client put their phone number, same in the appointments section so it always shows their phone number, and in the form.

When we're in contact and click on video call for example and want to go back, it goes back to "online courses" instead of contact. Is it like that because it's still a demo?

Remove Evelyn's card in the payment section, her card 1960 appears???

In in-person appointment, remove the minutes thing. Put 30 minutes. Remove the "free" part.

In the contact section too, don't put WORKSHOP put TAILOR SHOP.

In services, directly the SERVICES

Our clients AND below put IN THE WORLD Not "where we work" with the clients

From Madrid we dress gentlemen and ladies from all over the world. Textile houses: Loropiana, scabal, holland, fratelli, dugdale, dorme…(?), keep all the others. Add South American countries, at least Peru. South America. Make it bigger.

In the weddings section, in the process: instead of "all ready", put FINAL DELIVERY and the following text: Your suit is ready. We accompany you with advice on protocol, care and maintenance so that you only have to worry about enjoying an unforgettable day.

In the artisan tailoring section where Manuel's story is, where it says EVELYN put "the story continues" not The workshop.

Remove all words that say workshop and replace with tailor shop (in the tailor shop section).

Don't put the alcohol bar photo. We're not a disco 😶‍🌫️ although we could be 😬

In the before and after when you slide (jacket to be assembled and already assembled) put a blue one and not a beige one in the after.

In in-person appointment, it has to be divided into two: one is 1 (take measurements and the other has to be 2) style consultation (which would be without measurements).

To the famous one dressed in red and blue (Ana Obregón), remove her from contacts because only she appears large and not the general photo.

Online courses > artisan course We don't measure the body. We measure your thoughts.

And in ARTISAN TAILORING "The fabric and the design" has the same photo repeated, change it.

also tell AI to not translate everything because some parts are text changes which have to be in spanish